RC 82: Manuscript Cases and other changes (#87)
highfidelity/hifi-docs-sphinx: docs/source/explore/get-started/adjust-settings.rst

+============================+======================================================================================+
| Mute microphone            | Mute or unmute your microphone.                                                      |
|                            |                                                                                      |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Warn when muted            | Enable to receive a warning on your screen when your microphone is muted.            |
|                            |                                                                                      |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Noise reduction            | Enable or disable noise reduction.                                                   |
|                            |                                                                                      |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Audio level meter          | The audio level meter is visible on the top left corner of your screen. By default,  |

Reviewer: By default, the audio level meter is visible on the top left corner of your screen. Uncheck this box to hide the meter.

|                            | this is always shown. You can uncheck this box to stop showing the meter.            |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Push To Talk (T)           | Enable or disable Push To Talk for other users to hear you when your microphone is   |

> |                            | muted. When enabled, press and hold ``T`` to talk in desktop mode and press both       |

Reviewer: I think there's an extra space on this line?

Author: Yeah! Done.

|                            | triggers on your controllers in VR mode. This feature works only when you are        |
|                            | focused on the Interface window.                                                     |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Stereo input               | Enable or disable stereo input.                                                      |

Reviewer: Can we describe what stereo input is?

Author: Done.

+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Choose Input Device        | Choose the microphone or `input device <#input-devices>`_ of your choice from the    |
|                            | list of devices displayed.                                                           |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Choose Output Device       | Choose the speakers, headphones, or other `output device <#output-devices>`_ of      |
|                            | your choice from the list of devices displayed.                                      |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| People volume              | Use the slider to increase or decrease the volume of other users in the domain.      |
|                            |                                                                                      |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Environment volume         | Use the slider to increase or decrease the domain's volume.                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the slider to increase or decrease the volume of ambient sound in the domain's volume. For example, use this option to decrease the sound of background music or special effects like fireworks.
```

Author: done

|                            |                                                                                      |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | System Sound volume        | Use the slider to increase or decrease your system's volume.                         |

Reviewer: Does this essentially reduce the volume of both people and environments?

Author: Done.

Author: No it doesn't. It is the UI volume (tablet clicks).

|                            |                                                                                      |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Input Devices 

Reviewer: GitHub won't let me comment on anything that isn't a change you made. So I'll put it here...

Under "Output Devices", there's a grammar error: ("s" at the end of "drive") 

An audio output device produces a signal that drives another device’s input.

Reviewer: Also - under 'Show Shadows', can we add "If you have a low game rate or have trouble loading, disabling this option may improve your performance."
